### Introduction
Pattern Partner is a cloud-hosted web application wriiten with the modern knitter and crochetter in mind. Gone are the days when yarncraft patterns come from magazines and pattern books primarily. With the advent of the internet, patterns come from hosting websites like Ravelry and Craftster, from knit and crochet bloggers across the internet, and pattern designers from novice to expert who distribute their patterns for the love of the craft.

Currently, patterns are generally distributed on the internet either as text posts on user blogs or PDFs for download. These documents are little better than print patterns, simply presenting the information and leaving the crafter to figure out how to keep track of where they are in the pattern. Furthermore, few of the websites and none of the PDFs are formatted to fit easily on a mobile device.

Pattern Partner is the missing link. Users can upload patterns from PDF files, webpage URLs, or in plain text, and the pattern is loaded into the user's Pattern Library for use. The application keeps track of the user's place in each pattern, allows for logging of user comments, and scales down for reading on mobile devices.

### Part 1: Management/Organizational Feasibility
I am developing this application as part of an Honor's project, so every line of code is mine alone. During production and deployment I operate as a sole proprietor with no employees, however I will form a limited liability company once the web application is completed to aid in contracting with iOS and Android developers to create a phone app version, and possibly in the sale of the completed application to a craft or yarn company.

### Part 2: Product/Service Feasibility
Pattern Partner will be hosted on the cloud service Open Shift with the open source server Tomcat and open source database MySQL on the back end. Open Shift is a free platform on a small scale, with more robust features available for purchase. As part of the Honor's project structure, I have built about one-third of the application at this point in the semester, and I have deployed the first features onto Open Shift. I work by a week by week outline of the development needed to complete the application by the deadline of April 25, with each new feature pushed out to Open Shift as they are written. 

### Part 3: Market Feasibility
There are many applications currently available for knitters and crochetters, but their functionality falls short of the current need. Some applications are catalogs of patters that direct users to download PDFs or link to a webpage. Other applications keep track of the current row in a pattern by a row counter widget, but there is no interface between the row counter and the pattern itself, leaving users to switching back and forth and inevitably losing track of the current row. Very few applications allow users to save their place in a pattern, and no application exists that integrates these core functions into one application. 

### Part 4: Financial Feasibility
No capital is necessary for the initial development phase, since I am writing and running the application on free software. Once the web application is complete, I will be looking to contract out to an Android and/or iOS developer to create a mobile app version to take advantage of the specific platform capabilities. App building contracts can cost anywhere from $10,000 to $50,000 depending on features, however I would start by advertising the job at Madison College and look to build with a student developer. Students at MATC have robust knowledge of app development techniques but because of lack of professional experience the rates will be lower. 

In terms of profit, I can expect to make anywhere between $500 to $1000 in the first year, with several hundred dollars in profit each time the application is updated. If I sell my application to a larger yarn or craft company, I can negotiate a higher price, with in-house developers taking over the time and cost committments for updating the application. App sales and income are so variable, with consumer marketing and blog write-ups responsible for spikes in sales. However, according to the blog [Developer Economics] (http://www.developereconomics.com/lessons-from-one-man-app-business/), a solid launch with regular updates keeps the cash flow steady with a well-written app.
